adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\81\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v4.widget.Space;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_shifting.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\81\res\layout\toolbar.xml
background;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
bool;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\bools.xml
bool;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values-sw600dp\bools.xml
color;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\colors.xml
color;obj\Debug\81\res\values\colors.xml
dimen;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\dimens.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container_tablet.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_fixed.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_fixed_tablet.xml
gradient;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\bb_bottom_bar_top_shadow.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_fixed.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_fixed_tablet.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_shifting.xml
item;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container_tablet.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_shifting.xml
merge;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container.xml
merge;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container_tablet.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\0\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\bools.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\colors.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\dimens.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values-sw600dp\bools.xml
resources;obj\Debug\81\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
shape;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\bb_bottom_bar_top_shadow.xml
string;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\0\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\strings.xml
style;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_fixed.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_shifting.xml
View;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container.xml
View;C:\Users\Steve\source\repos\APPLast\the last\CRUDSample\CRUDSample.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\1\jl\res\layout\bb_bottom_bar_item_container_tablet.xml
